Throughout the past four years I have worked actively on pursuing my education in computer science. I have learned things as far stretched as discrete mathematics
implementing programming all the way to secure coding and reverse engineering. Just like in any degree I have found that I have strengths in some areas and weaknesses 
in others. My knowledge in databases, more specifically MYSQL databases, have come easily and been very in depth as it was a topic I found interest in. I have enhanced 
a SQL file in my database program in order to show this skill that I have achieved. Many languages are learned in the process of a computer science degree. I started 
my education with Python and have learned C++, Java, SQL, Mongo, and touched on others. In order to show my ability to switch between different languages and catch 
on to languages that include new syntax I have chosen to enhance a data structure that is in the PHP language. Although this language isn't something that I formally 
learned in class, I was able to catch on quickly to the language and create the read function from the CRUD functions available in the inventory system. Most of the 
knowledge I have gained has a lot of smaller pieces that all connect together to create a full picture, but for my android app development course I was able to really 
capture my software engineering skills and what it all boils down to. It includes the logic behind the problem solving that was set in place. It shows the capability 
of having requirements for a project and being able to implement them and resolve with a plan. Completing that application was able to show my full understanding and 
development of the application. 

This includes the published works that show three different areas of enhancement. Three areas of understanding occur in Software Engineering, Data Structures and Database. 

Software Engineering is covered with the MelmsFitnessApp. 

Data Structures is covered with the WarehouseInventoryDataStructure.

Database is covered with the WarehouseInventoryDatabase. 
